samples: add number crunching using optimized library sample (#71079)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/application_development/number_crunching/README.rst

.. _number_crunching:

Number Crunching

> #####################

Reviewer: I suggest using `:zephyr:code-sample:` directive (see guidelines in `doc/templates/sample.tmpl`) -- this might also help actually refine the scope/goal for this sample when completing the "This code sample shows how to ..." sentence

Overview
********

Number crunching sample does vector operations,
Fast Fourier Transformation and filtering.
This example demonstrates how to include a proprietary
static library into the Zephyr build system.
The library is in an out of tree location.

To use this sample, with an out of tree library, one needs to define

> an environnent variable `LIB_LOCATION`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an environnent variable ``LIB_LOCATION``.
```

> In that location, one needs to have a `CMakeLists.txt` in which
> it defines:
> 
> .. code-block:: console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In that location, one needs to have a ``CMakeLists.txt``that
defines:

.. code-block:: cmake
```

	# Link with the external 3rd party library.
	set(LIB_DIR         "lib"                   CACHE STRING "")
	set(INCLUDE_DIR     "include"               CACHE STRING "")
	set(LIB_NAME        "proprietary_lib.a"     CACHE STRING "")

If the environment variable ``LIB_LOCATION`` is not defined, a default Zephyr API
is used instead.

This sample executes some mathematical functions that can be used for audio
processing like filtering (Fast Fourier Transform (FFT)) or echo cancellation
(Least Mean Square (LMS) filter algorithm).

The sample has:

- :file:`main.c`: calls the generic math functions;
- :file:`math_ops.c`: executes the math functions, computes the cycles it took
  to execute and checks the output;
- :file:`cmsis_dsp_wrapper.c`: calls the exact math functions from CMSIS-DSP

>   if ``CONFIG_CMSIS_DSP`` is defined and ``LIB_LOCATION`` is not defined;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  if :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CMSIS_DSP` is defined and ``LIB_LOCATION`` is not defined;
```

- :file:`nature_dsp_wrapper`: if ``LIB_LOCATION`` is defined and points to an out of tree
  location where that NatureDSP lib and headers can be found, calls the exact math

>   functions from NatureDSP library.

Reviewer: this is problematic as this comes with hardly any context. Yes, the point of the sample is probably to showcase proprietary/3rd party integration, but as such the sample will be of little use to folks (myself included) not familiar with what NatureDSP is in the first place. Please see my overrall "review comment" for suggested alternative.

Author: I've moved the sample in samples/modules/cmsis_dsp/number_crunching/.
NatureDSP is the CMSIS-DSP for Xtensa. This can be taken from here: https://github.com/foss-xtensa/ndsplib-hifi4/tree/main, compiled and linked with this sample as I explained in the readme.
